at the end of the day there's two ways
you can you can look at it first of all
it if you after the very early days you
have to pay Market
you have to pay Market there's too many
startups so there are exceptions and I
I'm in awe of very charismatic CEOs who
are able to convince sales reps and
folks to take very low salaries but even
if you can do that in the beginning it
doesn't last if you want to build 8 10
20 200 Sales you have to pay whether you
have to pay high end of market or low
end of market but you have to you have
to pay market so before you even get
there you have to pay Market at least
for OT and the sales reps have to eat
yeah so okay let's say you decide okay
I'm in San Francisco and the OT is 150
but it's going to be a 70 base and an
80k uh bonus okay but no one makes the
bonus because it's too hard they're only
making 70k with 10 years of experience
in the Bay Area what's going to happen I
mean rent's kind of high here isn't it
so you have to develop a plan where most
of your reps are hidden quota okay and
they can eat and then and it's
competitive you have to start there okay
and you have to back solve then into a
comp plan where the company can make any
money okay and so you have to start with
people have to eat and be happy and feel
comfortable coming to work and not feel
like they're going to get fired for
doing a decent job so that's the bottoms
up model the tops down model is if you
raise Venture Capital if you have a few
extra nickels in the bank you can play
in the beginning